[DOCS-1166][DOCS-880][DOCS-1167][DOCS-1168] Update automation docs (#1084)
wandb/docs: content/guides/models/registry/model_registry/_index.md

run.finish()
```

> 4. **Connect model transitions to CI/DC workflows**: transition candidate models through workflow stages and [automate downstream actions]({{< relref "/guides/models/automations/" >}}) with webhooks or jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Connect model transitions to CI/CD workflows**: transition candidate models through workflow stages and [automate downstream actions]({{< relref "/guides/models/automations/" >}}) with webhooks.
```
